I remember there was one flyer.
I remember Loralee [Gillis] coordinated it,
and she got all people, and it was a whole
bunch of people in an orgy scene, but you
couldn't see faces and stuff.
And they were all people of color and/or trans
identified.
So, we really tried to make it clear that
everybody was welcome and have the representation
so that everyone knew that they were welcome.
There is a torso of a light-skinned woman,
seen — torso, ass, upper thighs — in a
bikini and bralette, being held at the hips
by a Black feminine person’s hands and forearms,
and they are wearing leather cuffs with links
for suspension or bondage of some sort or another.
It’s a black and white photo, and both figures
are anonymous, largely anonymous.
And in this case, the woman is me.
The light-skinned woman is myself, and it
is not necessarily apparent that I am trans
in it, although it is not particularly indicated
that I’m cis either.
I think that we did have a certain back and
forth around posing and setting scene.
I think we were given suggestions, but not
direction.
I would say that consent was very much part
of the discourse and ethos of people’s involvement
in any particular aspect of the shoot.
In organizing that event, people were cognisant
of the fact that it might be more difficult
for some women to participate in even the
photo shoot than for others.